Just a naive intern
It's okay sir
Sir?
I want to thank you. Thank you.
Can you add a contact information?
Raise your hand, right?
I have one more thing to pay in advance
What is a handsome account?
This is my Prince Charming
Dangerous. Dangerous.
What about grandpa?
boss
The little one has invited the eldest lady and a group of people to go in.
Are those the ones who went in just now?
Yes!
So you can check what box number they are.
I'll go there in person in a while
Is this in English?
Why can't I understand any of them?
It's in French as if you could understand it
I learned French when I was 5
Of course I can understand such a simple menu
Miss, I really don't understand that you are a regular customer.
You have some, and I will choose the same for you.
Yes, my sister recommended me some delicious dishes.
I don't understand these dog signs either
Whatever, have this
One more of this.
you
Do you want to change one?
What for? I'm helping relatives.
I can still afford it.
Ye Qiuyan
You're the only one who eats, don't babble there
Serve me
Are you sure?
I'll take both courses.
What's the problem?
The Canon and Moonlight you ordered are piano pieces.